add metro map and update docs (#118)
nf-core/references: README.md

## Introduction

**nf-core/references** is a bioinformatics pipeline that build references.

> For most common organisms references will be stored them in the cloud, similar to [AWS iGenomes](https://github.com/ewels/AWS-iGenomes/), to allow for fast andsimple access and better reproducibility.

Author: ```suggestion
For most common organisms references will be stored them in the cloud, similar to [AWS iGenomes](https://github.com/ewels/AWS-iGenomes/), to allow for fast and simple access and better reproducibility.
```

**nf-core/references** is a bioinformatics pipeline that build references, for multiple use cases.

> For most common organisms the plan is to build the references and store them in the cloud, similar to [AWS iGenomes](https://github.com/ewels/AWS-iGenomes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most common organisms references will be stored them in the cloud, similar to [AWS iGenomes](https://github.com/ewels/AWS-iGenomes/), for XXXXXXXREASONXXXXXXXX.
```

Add a reason/'selling' point, and be more forceful 'the plan is' doesn't sound very polished or finished

Author: Updated

For most common organisms the plan is to build the references and store them in the cloud, similar to [AWS iGenomes](https://github.com/ewels/AWS-iGenomes/).

From a fasta file, it will be able to build the following references:
![nf-core/references metro map](docs/images/nf-core-references_metro_map_color.png)

## DNASEQ

For DNASEQ pipelines (ie [nf-core/sarek](https://nf-co.re/sarek)), needing only a fasta file, it will be able to build the following references:

- Bowtie1 index

> - Bowtie2 index

Reviewer: Why no bowtie*? And why no `bwa-aln`? Those modules exist, and people still use those a lot *ahem* _eager/mag/taxprofiler etc_

Author: out of current scope, but that can be shipped quite quickly once we have a first release

> - BWA-MEM index

Reviewer: Provide links to each of the tools

Author: On it

- Fasta fai (with SAMtools)
- Fasta intervals bed (with GATK4)
- MSIsensor-pro list
- SNAP aligner index

> It will compress VCF files, if it was not already compressed, and tabix index it.

Reviewer: What has VCF files got to do with FASTA references?

Author: Nothig that's why it's in another paragraph

Reviewer: Still confused because the intro sentence of the whole thing only refers to references :sweat_smile: 

But too late now :grimacing:

Author: I'll rephrase it later, no worries

Author: I know what I meant, and I just need to explain it more properly

> And with metadata, it will be able to download annotation cache from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And with metadata, it will be able to download annotation caches from:
```

**nf-core/references** is a bioinformatics pipeline that build references, for multiple use cases.

> It is primarily designed to build references.

Author: ```suggestion
```
